									-: Assignment 1 :-
1)Can you use abstract and final both with a method ?
ans :- An abstract keyword cannot be used with variables and constructors. if a class is abstract, it cannot be instantiated.if a method is abstract, it does not  contain the body . we can not use abstract keyword with the final
:-An abstract keyword cannot be used with variables and constructors.
:-if a class is abstract,it cannot be instantiated.
:-if a method id abstract,it does not contain the body.
:-we can not use the abstract keyword with the final.
:-we cannot declare adstract methods as private.
:-we cannot declare abstract method as static.
:-An abstract method cannot be synchronized.
2)Can we execute a program without main()method?
ans :- A program that does not have the main()method gives an error at run time . So the main()method should always be written as : public static void main(String args[])
3) Difference Between the Constructor and method 
ans :- 
Constructor :-						 Method :-
it is mainly used for initializing the object.    :-it is mainly used to reuse the code without writing							the code again.
it is implicitly invoked by the system.		  :-A Method is called by the programmer.
sub-class can not inherit parent class 		  :-Sub-class can inherit method of the parent 	constructor.					  	class.
it has no return type.it can or cannot return 	  :-so ,it has a return type.
any value to the caller.
4)Can we override the private methods
ans :- if we assign a private modifier to any method to any method or variable, that method or variable can be overridden to sub-class using all type of access modifiers.
5)Difference Between the constructor and the method in java
Constructor:-                                            Method:-
 :- The new keyword plays an important role             :-Method calls are responside for 
in invoking the constructor.				 invoking methods.
:-it has no return type .it can or cannot return any     :- So, it has a return type.
value to the caller.
:- The constructor name will always be the class name.   :-We can use any name for the method as 								  addRow,addNum and subNumbers etc.
:-A class can have more than one parameterized		:-A class can also have more than one 
constructor.But constructors should have different       method with the same name but parameters.						different in  arguments and datatypes.
:-sub-class cannot inherit parent class constructor.	:-Sub-class can inherit the method of 								the parent class.
6) Difference between  method overloading method overriding in java
ans:- Method overloading 			method overriding
:-Method overloading is used to increase the   :-Method overriding is used to provide the  readability of the program.			specific implementation of the method that is   						already provided by its super class. 
:-Method overloading is overloading is the      :-method overriding is the example of run
example of compile time polymorphism .    	 time polymorphism.
7) Can we make constructors static ?
ans :- a constructor is not allowed to be abstract, final,static native ,or strictfp.so ,there is no static constructor in java.
:- A static constructor used to initialize static data means the specified task will execute only
one throughout the program.
It will not take parameters or access modifiers.
A specific class can have only one static constructor.
It does not allow inheritance or overloading.
It is invoked automatically, can not be called directly or explicitly.
If the value of static fields is not initialized, it will initialize to default values.
8) Can we override a static method ?
ans:- No,we cannot override static method  because method overriding is based on dynamic
binding at runtime and the static  methods are bonded static binding at compiletime.
So,we cannot override static methods.
or
No, we cannot override static methods because method overriding is based on dynamic binding at runtime and the static methods are bonded using static binding at compile time. So, we cannot override static methods.

The calling of method depends upon the type of object that calls the static method.
9)Difference between abstract class and interface 
ans:- Abstract class 				Interface
:-Abstract class can have abstract and non	interface can have only abstract methods. since  							java 8 ,it can have default and static methods -abstract methods.				also.
:-Absttract class does not support multiple     interface supports multiple inheritance.
inheritance.
:-Abstract class can provite the  implementation Interface cannot provide the implementation of
of interface.					  the implementation of abstract class.
:-The abstract keyword is uded to declare	 An interface can extend another java interface  abstract class.							only.
:-An abstract class can be extended using    An interface can be implemented using keyword 
keyword "extends"						"implements".
:- A Java abstract class can have class 
members like private, protected, etc.         Members of a Java interface are public by default.
10)what is Marker Interface?
ans :-  we will discuss about marker interface in Java, its uses, built-in (Serializable, Cloneable, and Remote Interfaces) and custom marker interface
or
An interface that does not contain methods, fields, and constants is known as marker interface. In other words, an empty interface is known as marker interface or tag interface. It delivers the run-time type information about an object. It is the reason that the JVM and compiler have additional information about an object. The Serializable and Cloneable interfaces are the example of marker interface. In short, it indicates a signal or command to the JVM.
or
It is an empty interface (no field or methods). Examples of marker interface are Serializable, Cloneable and Remote interface. All these interfaces are empty interfaces. 
11)Can we abstract class in java that has main method?
ans:- Yes, you can use the main() method in abstract class. The main() method is a static method so it is associated with Class, not with object or instance.
12) what is abstract class
ans:-An abstract class in Java is one that is declared with the abstract keyword. It may have both abstract and non-abstract methods(methods with bodies). An abstract is a java modifier applicable for classes and methods in java but not for Variables. 
13)Execution sequence for static block, block, constructor and method.
ans:- static block:-
A static block is a block of code with a static keyword. In general, these are used to initialize the static members of a class. JVM executes static blocks before the main method at the time loading a class.
Example
public class MyClass {
   static{
      System.out.println("Hello this is a static block");
   }
   public static void main(String args[]){
      System.out.println("This is main method");
   }
}
constructor:-
A constructor is similar to method and it is invoked at the time creating an object of the class, it is generally used to initialize the instance variables of a class. The constructors have same name as their class and, have no return type.
Example
public class MyClass {
   MyClass(){
      System.out.println("Hello this is a constructor");
   }
   public static void main(String args[]){
      new MyClass();
   }
}
14)Is Multiple inheritance supported in Java ? Why ?
ans:-The Java programming language supports multiple inheritance of type, which is the ability of a class to implement more than one interface.
or
Note: Java doesn’t support Multiple Inheritance
15)Can we declare main method as final ?
ans:-Yes, we can declare the main () method as final in Java. The compiler does not throw any error. If we declare any method as final by placing the final keyword then that method becomes the final method. 
or
Yes, we can declare the main () method as final in Java. The compiler does not throw any error.

If we declare any method as final by placing the final keyword then that method becomes the final method.
The main use of the final method in Java is they are not overridden.
We can not override final methods in subclasses.
16)How to prevent inheritance and method overriding in java?
ans:-
17)explain oops concepts with real time example in java
ans:-Object-oriented programming (OOP) in Java is a programming methodology or paradigm (model)  to design a computer program using classes and objects.
It is the most popular programming paradigm and widely used in the software industry today. It is an extension of procedural programming.
18)Can we declare a constructor as final ?
ans:-
Yes, we can declare the main () method as final in Java. The compiler does not throw any error. If we declare any method as final by placing the final keyword then that method becomes the final method. The main use of the final method in Java is they are not overridden.
19)Can we declare an interface as final ?
ans:-No ;Interface only have abstract methods. methods. interface method can not be final . cannot be declared final.
20)Distinguish between static loading and dynamic class loading ?
ans:-The major difference between static and dynamic class loading is that in static loading retrieval of class definition and instantiation of the object is done at compile time, while in dynamic loading classes are loaded at run time using Class.
21)what is constructore in java
ans:-A constructor in Java is similar to a method that is invoked when an object of the class is created.
constructor is a similar to a method.constructor is same name of the class name and deffirent parameter and argument.
22)what is  abstract keyword
ans:- abstract is a non-access modifier in java applicable for classes, methods but not variables. It is used to achieve abstraction which is one of the pillar of Object Oriented Programming(OOP).
The abstract keyword is a non-access modifier, used for classes and methods.
Class: An abstract class is a restricted class that cannot be used to create objects (to access it, it must be inherited from another class).
Method: An abstract method can only be used in an abstract class, and it does not have a body. The body is provided by the subclass (inherited from).
23)


